README.md, before:

# WaterPhysics.jl
Temperature dependencies of physical properties of water (gas-phase and liquid-phase). See docs for the APIs available.

| Documentation                                                       | CI Status                                   | Benchmarks            |
|:-------------------------------------------------------------------:|:-------------------------------------------:|:---------------------:|
| [![][docs-dev-img]][docs-dev-url] [![][docs-rel-img]][docs-rel-url] | [![][st-img]][st-url] [![][lt-img]][lt-url] | [![][bm-img]][bm-url] |

[docs-dev-img]: https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-dev-blue.svg
[docs-dev-url]: https://Yujie-W.github.io/WaterPhysics.jl/dev/

[docs-rel-img]: https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-stable-blue.svg
[docs-rel-url]: https://Yujie-W.github.io/WaterPhysics.jl/stable/

[st-img]: https://github.com/Yujie-W/WaterPhysics.jl/workflows/Package%20CI/badge.svg?branch=master
[st-url]: https://github.com/Yujie-W/WaterPhysics.jl/actions?query=branch%3A"master"++workflow%3A"JuliaStable"

[lt-img]: https://github.com/Yujie-W/WaterPhysics.jl/workflows/Package%20CI/badge.svg?branch=master
[lt-url]: https://github.com/Yujie-W/WaterPhysics.jl/actions?query=branch%3A"master"++workflow%3A"JuliaLTS"

[bm-img]: https://github.com/Yujie-W/WaterPhysics.jl/workflows/Benchmarks/badge.svg?branch=master
[bm-url]: https://github.com/Yujie-W/WaterPhysics.jl/actions?query=branch%3A"master"++workflow%3A"Benchmarks"

Commit message:

rm LTS support to match other repos

README.md, after:

# WaterPhysics.jl

Temperature dependencies of physical properties of water (gas- and liquid-phase
    ). See docs for the APIs available. The package is only meant to work for
    the latest stable Julia version. You may need to adapt the `julia = "1.5"`
    in the `Project.toml` file if you need support for other Julia versions.

| Documentation                                   | CI Status             | Benchmarks            |
|:-----------------------------------------------:|:---------------------:|:---------------------:|
| [![][dev-img]][dev-url] [![][rel-img]][rel-url] | [![][st-img]][st-url] | [![][bm-img]][bm-url] |

[dev-img]: https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-dev-blue.svg
[dev-url]: https://Yujie-W.github.io/WaterPhysics.jl/dev/

[rel-img]: https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-stable-blue.svg
[rel-url]: https://Yujie-W.github.io/WaterPhysics.jl/stable/

[st-img]: https://github.com/Yujie-W/WaterPhysics.jl/workflows/JuliaStable/badge.svg?branch=master
[st-url]: https://github.com/Yujie-W/WaterPhysics.jl/actions?query=branch%3A"master"++workflow%3A"JuliaStable"

[bm-img]: https://github.com/Yujie-W/WaterPhysics.jl/workflows/Benchmarks/badge.svg?branch=master
[bm-url]: https://github.com/Yujie-W/WaterPhysics.jl/actions?query=branch%3A"master"++workflow%3A"Benchmarks"
